Adding documentation related to raven 5 persistence for Audit (#5887)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/audit-instances/persistence.md

---
title: ServiceControl Audit persistence
summary: Information about ServiceControl Audit persistence options.
reviewed: 2022-10-17
---

> ServiceControl audit instances store their data in a RavenDB embedded database. In ServiceControl.Audit version 4.26 and above, new instances store their data in RavenDB version 5. Instances created by version 4.25 and below use RavenDB version 3.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServiceControl audit instances store their data in a RavenDB embedded database. In ServiceControl.Audit version 4.26 and above new instances use RavenDB version 5. Instances created by version 4.25 and below use RavenDB version 3.5.
```

> Upgrading ServiceControl.Audit instances into version 4.26 or higher does not change the database version. So instance that use RavenDB version 3.5 upgraded to the newest version will still be using RavenDB version 3.5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrading ServiceControl.Audit instances to version 4.26 or higher does not change the database version. Instances using RavenDB version 3.5, when upgraded to the newest version, will still be using RavenDB version 3.5.
```

> Upgrading ServiceControl.Audit instances to version 4.26 or higher does not change the database version. Instances using RavenDB version 3.5, when upgraded to the newest version, will still be using RavenDB version 3.5.

Reviewer: We should link to the upgrade guide that @mikeminutillo is working on

> WARNING: The ServiceControl Audit RavenDB embedded instance is used exclusively by ServiceControl and is not intended for external manipulation or modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The ServiceControl Audit RavenDB embedded database is used exclusively by ServiceControl and is not intended for external manipulation or modifications.
```

---
title: ServiceControl Audit persistence
summary: Information about ServiceControl Audit persistence options.
reviewed: 2022-10-17
---

> ServiceControl audit instances store their data in an RavenDB embedded database. In the ServiceControl.Audit version 4.26 and up, new instances store their data in RavenDB version 5. Instances less than version 4.26 use RavenDB version 3.5.

Reviewer 3: Using [version language guidance](https://github.com/particular/docs.particular.net#version-language)

```suggestion
ServiceControl audit instances store their data in a RavenDB embedded database. In ServiceControl.Audit version 4.26 and above, new instances store their data in RavenDB version 5. Instances created by version 4.25 and below use RavenDB version 3.5.
```

> Upgrading ServiceControl.Audit instances into version 4.26 or higher does not change the database version. So instance that uses RavenDB version 3.5 upgraded to the newest version will still be using RavenDB version 3.5.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upgrading ServiceControl.Audit instances into version 4.26 or higher does not change the database version. So instance that use RavenDB version 3.5 upgraded to the newest version will still be using RavenDB version 3.5.
```
